hello everyone in my last video I spoke
about general info microphone shops
wheel battle so now we're going on to
tools so there's four tabs in the tool
section in your inventory any items that
you earn will automatically go to your
digital inventory your inventory is
virtually limitless it sorts your items
in three main categories items chips and
other you can tap on each category to
display the items you need for more
information tap on the item and you will
be able to read its complete description
now you have navigation and I thought
this was pretty cool you can walk in my
cream on you can run and you can dash
the arrow that is pointing downward
means that your stamina is being
depleted when you run which makes sense
because human beings no matter if you're
a track star or cross country guy you
cannot run forever and ever amen without
your energy deeply at some point you
have to stop and get water so it's very
realistic that they added the stamina
effect for you running you can't run for
too long because of course your stamina
will go down but it's really fair the
way the lengths that they allow you to
run before you're completely tired out
then you have dash which uses up more
stamina because it's like sprinting then
they have the unit raw which I think
it's cool so having a bicycle to ride
yourself around you can unlock this
thing or buy it so that you can get
around faster much faster than you were
than if you were running so you have the
F linker and we spoke briefly about that
the end linker is an advanced interface
device for organic beings exok I it
supports multifunctionality see chart
below so you can keep tap track of all
the microphone that you caught the
database which is kind of like cenamos
to a pokedex you have to save and load
you have their reader we can challenge
other people yes you will be able to PvP
on this which is really cool I know you
guys are really antsy for that because
you guys want a battle you're very
competitive budget all things
you can also change your avatar at a
later date right now that's not
available but it will be what the game
is released you can change your main
microphone customize your skill sets
here in your party and in the settings
you can just change the volume and
whatnot of course you have your save low
gain you can save your game here save
your progress and load your game as well
so say you did something no my gosh I
didn't mean to release my MicroBot he
didn't say the game you can load the
game over and load your save file so I
like the way they made this up to be
more like it's it has the feel of a gba
game or a Nintendo game because instead
of like your traditional iphone game
it's more like something that you would
put on a handheld device for like ps2
PSP or or you call it G be a saint GBA
because I play the emulator so I'm just
stuck on that but if Nintendo DS you
know 10 23 days it feels it has that
feel and it feels like you're a little
bit more control so if something happens
you always go back and try again with
certain things alright guys well that's
it for this video this was very sure I
just going to touch on that we've
covered everything that this guy has to
teach us we oh yeah wait a second we
have a color covered author author tech
I we haven't covered wait to 32 yeah
that's tools yeah other big car models
Luke is a database expert he discovered
a hidden memory space deeper than the
mainframes memory claims and this area
will find higher quality microphone or
even some unique MicroBot never seen
before he looks for the strongest tamers
and advice of it come he normally shows
up once you defeat Allegiant member oh
no secrets make sure you explore the ROM
thoroughly there are many items in
hidden secrets Oliver pc guy powerful
and rare mike remote are also well hit
but rest assured if you're patient
enough you will be rewarded so now we've
covered everything alright guys well
leave a like and stay tuned for more
Mike Ramon see you later